# Project Data

There are 3 corpus of data used to train/test

1. CorpusRNN

This corpus was created by the paper researchers of "A Language Model for Misogyny Detection in Latin American Spanish Driven by Multisource Feature Extraction
and Transformers". Authors are Aldana-Molina.
CorpusRNN is obtained in part from web scraping and crawling, manually curating data, and in lesser form , artificially via a RNN, after using 163 mysoginistic lyrics as well
as hand-picked keywords.

This paper used Bert transformer learning to classify. results were rather standard. failed to identify subtle violence.

3 files

- lyrics.csv with the 163 handpicked songs
- corpus.csv
- corpus2.csv
  https://www.dropbox.com/sh/787ho0dsg5j4dwk/AAAiYkBCoPvS4ODU-iGTXuo7a?dl=0

The principal doc is corpus.csv

contains 3310 sentences obtained from 991 documents, obtained via crawling filtering set of mysoginistic n-ngrams and sentences from a queries catalog, provided by a previous study [1]

contains also 2196 sayings/proverbia,
contains 763 sentences from 163 lyrics. [2]
containes 952 sentences generated by 100 rnn documents.

2. MisoCorpus2020

This corpus was curated by the authors of the paper "Detecting misogyny in Spanish tweets. An approach based on linguistics features and word embeddings"
Authors are Garcia Díaz-Cánovas, available [here](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0167739X20301928?via%3Dihub)
The Misocorpus contains a curated dataset of tweets encompassing three files.

- VARS, considering violence towards women in politics and public media
- SELA, on the understanding of the differences in misogynistic messages in Spanish from Spain and Spanish from Latin America; and (3) DDSS, tha
- DSS, contains general traits related to misogyny.

3. HaterNet

This corpus was created by researches that created an intelligent system to retrieve hate-speech online. It contains but is not limited to misoginy,
hence it is yet to be decided if it will be included. Details on the data are on the paper "Detecting and monitoring hate speech on twitter" by Pereira Quijano.

Consists of two files

- labeled_corpus_6K.txt
- raw_corpus_2M.zip with 2 million.

[1] (Molina-Villegas, A. La incidencia de las voces misóginas sobre el espacio digital en México. In Jóvenes, Plataformas Digitales y
Lenguajes: Diversidad Lingüística, Discursos e Identidades; Pérez-Barajas, A.E., Arellano-Ceballos, A.C., Eds.; Elementum: Pachuca,
Mexico, 2021; in press.).
[2] Cundiff, G. The influence of rap and hip-hop music: An analysis on audience perceptions of misogynistic lyrics. Elon J. Undergrad.
Res. Commun. 2013, 4.
